hello guys this is wallace pollens main
toy dude as you can see i still retain
to my ability to speak in english and i
would like to use it today to start my
english based how should I say a V log
the Wallace chronicles something i did
in a similar fashion few days ago in
polish and i'm going to use this format
in english as well to talk about stuff
that concerns this channel and some of
my thoughts on transformers and other
toys I'm engaging in recently so the
first issue of this Wallace Chronicles
is going to talk about this guy yes most
of you can identify this as must appease
Starscream mpo three generation one
colors this is also the Takara version
by the way but that is not it's not
really the point now and I'm recording
this in response to my observations from
looking at some three or four lessons
video reviews of MP 11 Starscream the
one with the Cape the nude estrellita
Starscream now there's just one really
annoying thing for me in all of those
reviews I'm not going to point out
fingers at who recorded them because
that's not the point however all of
these reviews state that this MP 11
version that you can buy now is a remote
of this one and they often cite some
improvements over this thing that
occurred in the new version however I'm
afraid that is a huge misconception on
their part because you know actually
when they say that the epi level is a
new mall they could not be further from
truth actually this is the first mold
and what you can see on the screen right
now is the second mold how does that
work well you know I followed the
history of Master P star screen before
its release and several prototype
pictures shown by takara indicate that
the boxy thing you can buy now was the
first attempt and then they looked at it
and they decided it's too blocky so day
high jawga komori of the macros faint
you know the guy who gave us these
things
and asked him to refined model into
something more slim and aerodynamic and
the result is this thing which is
actually the second version of this mold
and this works kind of like the history
behind generations track Wheeljack and
artiest track so that this one was
released first however actually this is
the base model and when this was
developed hasbro asked to cara if they
could somehow make tracks out of it and
they said yes and I don't know through
some management decisions this was
released first but really this was the
base design that both of these are
working on and the same thing goes with
masterpiece Starscream show Chico amore
remoulded this into defeat this thing
and for some reason they thought it was
the better version salty released first
but fans complained about for example
leaks fingies so they'd sighs oh hell if
we are making a new remote why not just
use the base design that we had years
before so when people for example say
data their heel spurs back here when not
implementing this one and that prays
that the new version has them saying why
did think could not think about the
years before well actually did it Carl
Morey just skipped it from his version
which we could buy first so yeah this is
the second version that got released
first it might be confusing but that's
the truth so if any of you are listening
to reviewers saying that the NP 11 is
the remould of this guy no really that's
the other way around this is the remould
of MP 11 so please have it in mind
whenever people say something about NP
level especially when they praised it or
when they say something's bad in here
second version so I think that's going
to be about that for the main topic of
this journal Chronicle you could say and
also I'm thinking about sometimes doing
an English reviews once in a while again
because honestly I think looking at my
statistics english-speaking countries
are quite high on my viewer rate so i'm
thinking if i should not do something
about that one option was making
subtitles but they are pain in the
bottom like until
that much I'll sure they really work the
efforts and sometimes I'm thinking of
doing English versions back-to-back with
polish versions of the reviews on some
toys however I'd like to ask you guys if
you are interested in that because i can
tell you whenever I look at my English
versus polish stuff I can see this huge
difference in viewer rate polish stuff
gets lots of lots of lots of views and
English which are sometimes really
petitioned a lot don't ah that's quite
bizarre for me I'm not really sure what
how should I act about his bottom let's
question for you my English reviewers
would you like to have some more English
reviews and if yes please tell me what
kind of toys would you like because as
you can tell I'm kind of going outside
of the box of transformers I'm touching
other things like power rangers bandai
motto staff heck I even bought sir Super
Robot you broken girl guy got the other
day so that's an option too supposing I
get enough feedback to actually justify
recording something I might especially
that in few months I'm getting released
from the hardships of being a student so
even though I'm going to have a
full-time job I might have slightly more
time for reviews so I do not take out
the question doing for example 1 review
a week but into a language version so
that's pretty much up to you if you'd
like to see something like that this is
for your consideration and I'd be really
happy if you to write your thoughts on
this down there in the comments anyway I
think this is all for this issue of
Wallace Chronicles and i'll see you
again soon possibly a small English
review or some other stuff in language
you can actually understand thank you
for your attention and see you soon this
has been wats pullins me toy too